---
layout: post
title:  "Fahrenheit *45*1 "
date:   2017-09-12 15:43:57 +0000
---

> Somewhere the saving and putting away had to begin again and someone had to do the saving and keeping, one way or another, in books, in records, in people's heads, any way at all so long as it was safe, free from moths, silver-fish, rust and dry-rot, and men with matches.
> 

What am I doing here? Why, at the age of 45, have I decided to throw caution to the wind, walk away from a decent job that I nonetheless detest, to pursue a path in coding with the reckless abandon and enthusiasm of a toddler chasing bubbles on a perfect summer day? Because I want to.

I have always wanted to, even when I didn't understand what it was I wanted to do. My first memory of wanting to "compute" takes me back to the early 80s when computers were beginning to bubble up in daily conversation; perhaps everyone might one day have a personal computer to "compute" things with -- and I wanted in. I wanted the possibility of creating something from nothing. Computers weren't as readily accessible back then, and my parents told me that I'd have to wait until I was a grown up to get one of my very own.

Life happened in between the waiting to grow up (possibly still waiting) and the acquisition of my first pc. Along the way, I seemingly forgot all about my early desire to create a world from nothing out of strings of data, bits, ambition, and passion. I settled into adulthood and took the easy way out -- I went to work every day, worked hard, worked my way up, and then considered myself locked in to a career I had never really wanted.

I'm stubborn though. There's a little fire inside me that flares up whenever I become too complacent, as if it's trying to remind me of who I really am.  My little ember would make poet Juan Ramón Jiménez very proud:

# ***If they give you ruled paper, write the other way.***

Which is precisely what I intend to do.
